ahead of the first International yoga
Day celebration on June 21st
arrangements are in full swing at rajput
according to sources there will be only
one stage at rajput on the stage along
with prime minister Narendra Modi will
be four yoga gurus ramdev H nagendra
hansaji jva yogendra and Swami Atma
priyananda sources said ramdev and
spiritual Guru SRI SRI ravish Shankar
are expected to bring largest contingent
of Disciples comprising of almost 5,000
each while ravish shanka is expected to
accompany external affairs minister
susma saraj to New York for the
celebration ramdev is among the several
names under consideration by the
ministry of aush for sharing the stage
with prime minister Narendra
Modi